---
title: Classic Zombie
layout: default
permalink: information/zh/classic/
img: images/zh/zombies/classic_portrait.png
hp: 250
dmg: 50
walking: 155
running: 215
ability: Flesh Heap
susceptible: Explosive
resistant: Burn / Stab
---

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-sm-7">
    <h3>{{page.title}}</h3>
    <p>The Classic zombie is the least common of the regular zombie types. It's the strongest zombie in the game but also the slowest. This usually works out in its favour as it can hide at the back and maximise its life span through its flesh heap ability.</p>
    <h4>Behaviour</h4>
    <p>These zombies are fairly slow at first, which causes them to lag behind the Horde. However, they are not to be dismissed, as once they've had a chance to consume some of their fallen comrades heads, their speed and damage will increase. At their max of ten consumable heads, they will deal 80 damage and run at a speed of 265 units, the fastest in the game.</p>
    <h4>Biology</h4>
    <p>This zombie is arguably one of the more intimidating of the zombies, with lengthy claws protruding from its fingers and masses of gore exposed from its open chest. It's claws allow it to do considerably more damage than the other zombies, as they allow it to rend through flesh much easier. </p>
    <p>It can absorb organisms by placing them inside its open chest, however it seems to have adapted to using the heads of other zombies. This absorption helps to fixate the zombie's tendons, allowing it to use its mishapen body to greater effect.</p>
    <h4>Relationships</h4> 
    <p>This zombie seems to have a symbiotic relationship with the <a href = "{{site.baseurl}}/information/zh/charple">Charple Zombie</a>, a zombie which holds little value over its own life. During fights, the Charple zombie is killed much easier, but this gives the Classic zombie the opportunity to consume it. In turn the Classic zombie will outpace the Charples and reach the frontline, with the goal of taking vengeance on the survivors who dared to kill its friends.</p>
  </div>
  {% include zombie_entry.html %}
</div>