---
title: Ghost Zombie
layout: default
permalink: information/zh/ghost/
img: images/zh/zombies/ghost_portrait.png
hp: 250
dmg: 4
walking: 100
running: 250
ability: Electrokinesis
susceptible: Everything
resistant: None
---

{% include zombie_entry.html %}

<h3>{{page.title}}</h3>
<p>The Ghost zombie is the most legendary and dangerous of zombies. An enigmatic and mysterious entity, this zombie seems to come and go as it pleases, not partaking in every single horde encounter.</p>

<h4>Behaviour</h4>
<p>The ghost zombie seems to display an unprecedented level of intelligence and awareness, so much so that it does not mindlessly approach any humans it detects, but rather plans a course of action and fully executes it.</p> <p>This zombie seems to have the ability to manipulate electricity at will, firing lightning attacks at its enemies in rapid succession, almost immediately frying anything it comes into contact with and making it one of the fiercest opponents a survivor could face.</p>

<h4>Biology</h4>
<p>As this zombie is a ghost, its biology is inconsistent and cannot be directly correlated. There are a few commonalities, however. The spirit appears to lack limbs except for that of its head. </p>
<p>Despite its dangerous offensive capabilities, it seems to be incredibly weak defensively. It is the only zombie that cannot resist shots to the body. This could be attributed to its ephemeral form, as it is only a representation of the ghost, and not its true form.</p>

<h4>Relationships</h4> 
<p>The ghost zombie, being such a rare and mysterious creature, has not been observed to help any other zombies with their problems. However, it seems to harbor something akin to a grudge against the <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/information/zh/corpse">Corpse Zombie.</a> The exact motives for this are unknown, but it could be attributed to the elemental differences between the two zombies.</p>