---
title: Corpse Zombie
layout: default
permalink: information/zh/:title/
img: images/zh/zombies/corpse_portrait.png
hp: 175
dmg: 20
walking: 150
running: 240
ability: Combustion
susceptible: None
resistant: Burn
---

<div class="row">
  <div class="col-sm-7">
    <h3>{{page.title}}</h3>
    <p>The Corpse zombie is a more common type of zombie. Whilst this zombie is fairly average in most respects, it is distinguished by its ability to ignite other objects on contact, through means of chemical combustion.</p>
    <h4>Behaviour</h4>
    <p>This zombie follows fairly typical zombie behaviour patterns, attempting to chase after enemies and ignite them on contact. However, its flame is not to be underestimated. A Corpse zombies flame persists for anywhere between half a second and two seconds, dealing 2 to 5 damage, respectively. </p>
    <h4>Biology</h4>
    <p>This zombies stature and biology seem to be fairly commonplace. What can't be ignored however, is its ability to set ablaze other objects. This ability stems from a highly combustible acidic compound which oozes from the zombies skin. This compound is incredibly reactive, so much so that it can be ignited through something as innocuous as claw contact with another person.</p>
    <p>As useful as this ability is, the compound seems to have taken its toll on the zombie, dissolving the skin on its face down to the bone. Thankfully this zombie doesnt seem to mind its looks as much as its ability to eat brains.</p>
    <h4>Relationships</h4> 
    <p>This zombie holds no other in any higher regard, it is truly the most average of zombies. Despite this, it seems to share a strange rivalry with that of the enigmatic <a href="{{site.baseurl}}/information/zh/ghost"> Ghost Zombie.</a> The cause of this rivalry is not entirely known, but it seems to stem from a jealousy of just how unique the Ghost zombie appears to be in relation to the Corpse zombie.</p>
  </div>
  {% include zombie_entry.html %}
</div>