---
title: About
layout: default
permalink: information/:title
---

<h3>What is Zombie Horde?</h3>
<p>Zombie Horde is an arena-type gamemode in Garry's Mod with a single goal: Murder as many of the zombie horde as you possibly can, before you fall prey to them.
The gamemode features a number of different weapons, enemies and powerups to make for as fun a zombie murdering experience as possible.</p>
<p>When entering the game you are asked to pick a team, survivors or zombies. By default you cannot join the zombies team until there are four survivors actively playing the game.</p>
<p>The core gameplay cycle is that of a round system, with each round being an isolated gameplay session. When a round begins all players and NPCs are spawned within the map and after a short period of time, where players may decide what weapons to use, they can begin to move around. The round ends when all the members of either team have died, or the timer runs out.</p>
<p>When joining the survivor team, you can select your character and your starting weapons. By default a player begins with $2500 cash, which can be used to purchase some of the more basic weapons. Money persists between rounds and play sessions, so as long as you play on the same server, you'll always be able to afford the best weapons once you become experienced enough.</p>
<p>Money isn't the only thing being tracked by the server. The game tracks all kinds of player related statistics, from the amount of bullets that hit a zombie to the times you use a weapon. Get competitive with your friends and see how many zombies you can kill, or just how accurate you can shoot!</p>
<p>Once there are enough people on survivors, you can try your hand at one of the zombies. Each has their own strengths and weaknesses, but the most dangerous thing is the cunning that a non-NPC player can bring to the zombie horde. Outsmart the survivors and be the zombie to secure a nice brainy feast for your brethren!</p>